Instructions for sideloading on Firefox for Android (#2036)
mozilla/extension-workshop: src/content/documentation/publish/distribute-sideloading.md

Reviewer: The naming of this article is unfortunate as this term has a specific meaning. As described in [Support for extension sideloading has ended](https://blog.mozilla.org/addons/2020/03/10/support-for-extension-sideloading-has-ended/), "sideloading" generally refers to an installation method where installing an application on your system would also result in adding and extension to Firefox. 

The "Installation using the standard extension folders" section does call out that this feature is no longer supported, but the intro still seems to suggest it is supported.

Author: @dotproto Isn't sideloading a general term meaning  "installing applications or software on a device from sources other than the official app store or distribution channels, bypassing the usual vetting process". The feature removed was the ability to sideload "without the user taking an action"?

Author: @dotproto I have revisited and removed the information about installing with an app. Given this was removed five years ago, there seems a little point in including the documentation.

# Sideloading add-ons

You may want to send a user your add-on’s XPI file by some means other than a web download, such as an email distribution of a beta version for user testing. In this case, there are two options for installing the add-on:

- Installing an extension from file in desktop Firefox or Firefox for Android.
- Adding the file to one of the standard extension folders.

::: note

> No automatic updates are performed for add-ons installed using these methods. You have to deliver a new XPI file to your user for each update. However, automatic compatibility checks are performed.

Reviewer: I don't think this is accurate. I tried walking through extensions source files on searchfox but I didn't see anything that suggested updates are handled different based on installation method.

@willdurand, can you confirm?

Author: @dotproto after reviewing the documentation, I believe this statement was actually intended to refer to extensions offered as a beta update release to a listed extension. I've updated the note.

{% capture content %}

## Install add-on from file on a computer

> To sideload an add-on in desktop Firefox, send the user the signed add-on with these instructions:

Reviewer: We should avoid the term "sideload" here as that has a more specific meaning.

```suggestion
To install an add-on from a file in desktop Firefox, send the user the signed add-on with these instructions:
```
